=Angels and Guards=
=Episode 27=
Ming laws are made by imperial power.
And you are trying to investigate
the very people who make them.
Then, before imperial power,
does justice mean nothing?
Do you know what this is called?
Defying your superiors.
That is treasonous.
Zhang Weimin, you are afraid.
How dare you!
Guards!
My lord.
How dare you, Shen Bingfan!
Did you just defy the Commander?
Do you know your crime?
I'm only trying to solve the case.
What crime have I committed?
But you,
all you do is protect yourselves
and shrink back.
So let me ask you.
In your eyes,
which matters more, law and justice,
or your rank, pay, and future?
Hear that? Hear that?
Unbelievable.
Her tongue is getting sharper
by the day.
What do you know?
You think blind recklessness
can solve a case?
You have no sense of the bigger picture.
Fine, Mr. Lu.
Then let me ask you.
Was it your so-called bigger picture
that framed my father, Shen Lian?
What did you say?
How dare you bring up
what happened back then?
Since I have,
I will pursue it to the end.
I ask you, two lords,
to tell me the truth.
You really want to know?
Guokai.
My lord.
Since Miss Shen has asked,
and this matter has weighed on me
for many years,
today,
I might as well tell her the truth.
Seven years ago,
Prince Luo's rebellion was crushed.
Many people at court were implicated.
(Shen and I received
a secret imperial order)
(to protect a witness,)
(Xu Wenchang, steward of Prince Luo's
manor, on his way to the capital.)
(He was to identify Prince Luo's
accomplices in the capital.)
(Qianhu Shen Lian escorted Xu Wenchang
and his wife)
(through the wilderness.)
But it was you
and Wang Yan, who were supposed
to receive my father but betrayed him,
and that is why he and the witness
were killed by Leng Xin.
I didn't! I swear I didn't!
I was determined to receive him.
But
the map I had was fake.
What?
(Weird.)
What does that mean?
Back then,
I,
your father,
and Wang Yan
each had
a different route map.
How could that be?
When I reached
the correct rendezvous point,
I found your father,
Xu Wenchang, and his wife
all dead.
Who gave you that map?
I did.
You?
Yes.
I personally
handed the route maps to your father.
The Jinyiwei value thorough planning
above all.
So
I gave your father
three routes to the capital
and asked him to choose
the safest
and most secret one.
Then that means
this route
was chosen by my father himself.
Yes.
Your father was the Commander
of this operation.
Guokai and Wang Yan
had to follow his orders.
The route
and rendezvous point
were chosen by your father himself.
Then who gave you the false route map?
Your father did.
My father would never take the wrong map
and put himself and the witness
in danger.
Someone must have switched it.
Even if someone did,
the mistake happened
on your father's side.
There is one more thing
I need to make clear to you.
The Commander of the Northern Bureau
back then
was Chang Beiming's elder brother,
Chang Beixiao.
His Majesty ordered him
to train at the Northern Bureau.
What?
Guokai.
Enough.
My lord.
Since I have started,
please let me say it all.
This mission was assigned
by Chang Beixiao himself.
Qianhu Shen was personally appointed
by Chang Beixiao, too.
After Qianhu Shen's death,
Chang Beixiao was ambushed
inside the Northern Bureau.
He was struck from behind
and gravely wounded,
leaving him crippled for life.
Otherwise,
how could Chang Beiming,
the capital's greatest playboy,
have become heir to Duke Zheng?
They even dared
to attack the Commander
of the Northern Bureau!
This matter
is quite complicated.
It involves many factions,
both at court and beyond.
At the time, the Crown Prince
had only just been confirmed.
Prince Fu
was watching hungrily from the side.
The court officials didn't want
to stir up more trouble.
The Cabinet only wanted stability.
So they kept this case
sealed for years
and made your father
take the blame.
Understood?
Many things
can't be touched without shaking
the whole court,
So,
we can't risk everything
just to catch Leng Xin.
Prince Luo's rebellion
shook the entire court.
It nearly became
a weapon for men with hidden agendas,
a pretext for a bloody purge.
The court has only just settled down.
If we reopen Leng Xin's case now,
we will be stepping straight
into the mire of Meizhen House.
And if Prince Fu is pulled into it,
there will be
bloodshed all over again.
But the truth is inside Meizhen House.
Leng Xin is inside Meizhen House.
If we don't catch him,
the truth
will stay buried forever.
Bingfan.
Why must you be so stubborn?
Must you go after Meizhen House?
Commander,
don't you want to know
who betrayed the Jinyiwei?
Don't make accusations without proof.
The proof is in Meizhen House.
And Leng Xin is the witness.
Back then, even you could not
produce the true route map.
How did Leng Xin know the route?
Catch him,
find out why,
and the truth comes out.
Have you thought about what comes after?
You are saying that
because you fear it will lead
to Prince Fu
and become impossible to contain.
Since you know that,
why are you still rushing in?
What if Prince Fu really is behind it?
Will you two let the case
stay buried forever?
How dare you!
This is outrageous.
I have explained all this to you,
and not only do you refuse
to understand,
but you also keep pushing harder.
You are merely
a Baihu under my Northern Bureau.
This is insubordination!
You are driving me mad!
I hereby order that from today on,
all three female Jinyiwei
are suspended for reflection,
pending further conduct!
Pending further conduct!
I caused the trouble.
Why suspend all three of us?
Because I want to!
I'm the Commander.
Are you the Commander?
I want to!
You...
How dare you!
Who are you throwing that at?
At me, my lord.
Who are you taking it out on?
Me, my lord. Please calm down.
My lord.
Is it damaged?
And you.
Why provoke her?
Why dig up the past?
What good did that do?
My lord.
This has weighed on me for years.
Today, in front of my old friend's
daughter,
I only wanted to get it off my chest.
Get it off your chest,
get it off your chest...
I'm telling you,
one day,
you people will tear a hole in the sky.
Officials shielding officials.
Twisting the law for their own gain.
Ridiculous.
Something feels wrong
about suspending all three of us
over Meizhen House.
It is suspicious.
Hua.
What exactly is suspicious?
If I knew exactly what was wrong,
it would not be suspicious.
Bingfan.
Come outside with me.
Bingfan, listen to me.
Don't investigate Meizhen House.
But Leng Xin is hiding there.
Just
stay away from that place.
So in the end,
you are all still afraid of Prince Fu.
Think whatever you want.
Just don't do anything rash.
Don't you want to know
who harmed your brother?
Who told you that?
You disappoint me.
It's you.
Yes.
You are not here
to talk me out of Meizhen House, too,
are you?
I don't know what to say.
I just wanted to stay with you.
A place even the Jinyiwei
dare not touch.
A place above the law.
A shelter for every crime.
How are ordinary people
supposed to live?
Where is justice in any of this?
Before I joined the Ministry of Justice,
I believed I could catch criminals,
solve cases, and win justice
for the people.
But later I learned
that the people I arrested
only needed a bit of powerful backing,
and they would walk free.
But I never thought of giving up.
I will catch them.
I will find enough evidence
that they can't argue,
and they can't run.
That is the only thing I can do.
I have to investigate Meizhen House.
Even if I do it alone,
I will do it.
I'm investigating Meizhen House.
Who is with me? Who is against me?
I'm with you.
So am I.
Are you sure?
Even if it is a wolf's den,
I want to see it for myself.
But we have all
been suspended.
What authority do we have
to investigate them?
We are only suspended,
not dismissed.
Am I not still a Jinyiwei Baihu?
I have always felt
there is more to the Commander's move.
His words were harsh,
but he left us a way forward.
You have been suspended,
but as Bingfan said,
you were not dismissed,
and your movements were not restricted.
You mean
that old man wants us
to test Meizhen House
in our own names?
It is possible.
If we go under the Northern Bureau's
name,
and trouble breaks out later,
there will be no room to step back.
But to investigate Meizhen House,
we need a flawless plan.
Duoyu.
I'll leave this job to you.
I will disguise myself
and scout the way first.
The doors are shut
even in broad daylight.
We can't get in by ordinary means.
In my experience,
there is only one way.
Act arrogant.
What does that mean?
High officials, nobles,
imperial relatives...
They all swagger around
like they own the world.
When you go in,
curse whoever stops you
and hit whoever gets in your way.
They will think you are too powerful
to offend,
with a terrifying background.
Then they may let you in.
That could actually work.
I will wait here.
You have half an hour.
That's enough.
Who is it?
Who are you looking for?
You...
Forgive us. Sir, who are you?
Who are you?
You are not worthy to speak to me.
Get your manager out.
Sir.
Such a temper.
I'm Zheng Lun, front hall steward
of Meizhen House.
(Zheng Lun, steward of Meizhen House)
Greetings.
I don't think I have seen you before.
You are not a regular guest, are you?
Why?
Does Meizhen House only admit regulars?
Correct. Meizhen House is not open
to the public.
It is a private gathering place.
All honored guests must present
a jade token.
What jade token?
This.
I'm new. I don't have one.
New?
Then you must have a letter
of introduction.
What letter?
Proof of which honored guest
recommended you to Meizhen House.
Do you know Feng Zhihe?
Eunuch Feng's nephew.
And Shizhen and Ye Ping?
The sons of the Grand Secretary
and the Minister of War?
Do you still need to ask?
Forgive me for failing to recognize you.
Take this gentleman to...
I will personally escort you
to the back.
This way, sir.
Please.
Watch your step.
It is inside.
Sir.
Please follow me.
This way.
I missed you so much.
My lord.
Cheers.
Open the door.
Open your mouth.
Sure.
What is a female Jinyiwei
from the Northern Bureau doing here?
My lord, does that feel good?
Very good.
Sir.
Please.
This way.
Come on. Let's drink.
Is it sweet?
Have another.
Duan.
You have only had a few cups,
and you have already gone
to the privy three times.
Careful,
or the beauties will think
you can't keep up.
My lord.
Please step aside.
Step aside?
Why so mysterious?
Ladies, wait for me.
My lord.
Come see what is happening outside.
Would you like a change
of company tonight?
♪Because you once entered my dreams♪
♪Truth and illusion blur in wine♪
♪My heart drifted lost♪
♪Yet found you in the crowd♪
♪My blood still burns
as the world surges♪
♪The land is fair, and you are free♪
♪Sword drawn, lost in obsession♪
♪I've softly let it go♪
♪The vow you made was true♪
♪Yet like clouds, it stops for no one♪
♪Put away those dreamlike words♪
♪And forget at world's end♪
♪Embracing memory♪
♪Through blossoms and dreams♪
♪You hide in the crowd, silent♪
♪I wish to let it pass♪
♪And run toward this vast life♪